greetings everyone this is my power
rangers samurai for review there could
be some Santa Claus and I'm gonna tell
you that declaration my lowly that move
so let me start with a bed he's not
is older than out we can do the
bed flight more like this now I'm a
dragon she's master circus now lion is
not pooping as well let go to others
except for turtle and zara origami keep
the lawyers dropping come back a fool
and his back legs go in a yeah now tell
her it's just our physical yeah now now
boys are birth control now we combined
you to the samurai robot so let me stop
with trim all gummy bear poses front
legs and back legs in and pull up his
head no photo dragon the whole stood on
this minute I get out press this button
as well it it's the helmet spill on the
heat and you press the button and you
let go and it was still in bed when you
try to pull it off oh stop so um oh you
have to prick press the button and pull
down but I the same
it's how to do dragging your photo tool
makes a big click it and it will appear
on stage little busy so just now follow
the body the line your fold up phone is
back and you fold forward fold the legs
hold it that's how I devil Pizza boys
are all coming on the folder I'm in
position that little folder finger if
you're not sure this is her origami mode
all the way up and smash through blue
that's it now the helmet go on this
slide it over and pull to go to stop and
at the gym he put the animals by Rangers
Samurai this is from Babs all right
under tiny symbol a little pile hey and
the end out the doors down that's what
they look like and what that's what they
combine in which i showed you and you
can put it in any other hands and you
can store this food lucky and if kidding
you want to push it down and that's the
end of my pie rangers samurai Megazord
rewrite and i like this toy and I ok